# Deep Learning Recovers Permeability Evolution from Fluid-Induced Microearthquakes for Hectometer-scale Stimulations
We use the hectometer-scale stimulation experiments conducted in the Bedretto Underground Laboratory, Switzerland to build predictive models for permeability evolution based on microearthquakes (MEQs) across different injection volumes and geologic structures. We also observe a consistent stress‐dependent permeability trends between peak permeability at peak injectivity and at-rest permeability post-stimulation. These results demonstrate the feasibility of a DL‐based framework for real‐time tracking and forecasting of reservoir permeability, potentially informing more effective stimulation strategies. The Bedretto stimulation experiments data are described in Obermann et al. (2024). The seismic catalogs are available via the ETH research collection under Rosskopf et al. (2024). You could also find the related data in the folder of Data.

Obermann, A., Rosskopf, M., Durand, V., Plenkers, K., Bröker, K., Rinaldi, A. P., ... & Giardini, D. (2024). Seismic response of hectometer‐scale fracture systems to hydraulic stimulation in the Bedretto Underground Laboratory, Switzerland. Journal of Geophysical Research: Solid Earth, 129(11), e2024JB029836.

Rosskopf, M., Durand, V., & Obermann, A. (2024). Seismic Catalogs for the 2022-2023 Hydraulic Stimulation Experiments at the Bedretto Underground Laboratory.
## Acknowledgments
This work is a partial result of support from the US Department of Energy under grant DE-EE008763 and grant EE0007080 through Utah FORGE. This support is gratefully acknowledged. The BedrettoLab is financed by the Werner Siemens Foundation, ETH Zürich and the Swiss National Science Foundation. The research in this publication was conducted within the project VALTER and has received additional funding by the Swiss Federal Office of Energy (SFOE). CJM acknowledges support from the European Research Council Advanced Grant 835012 (TECTONIC) the RETURN Extended Partnership and funding from the European Union Next-GenerationEU (National Recovery and Resilience Plan – NRRP, Mission 4, Component 2, Investment 1.3 – D.D. 1243 2/8/2022, PE0000005. PS acknowledges support from US Department of Energy (DE-SC0017585) and from the National Science Foundation under Grant No. (CMMI # 2121005). DE gratefully acknowledges support from EGS-Collab funding through LBNL and the G. Albert Shoemaker endowment. 
